you know one thing I want to mention to
you about nutrition is this is this is
just really the easiest approach to
nutrition that I can give you and it's
what I'm doing
what I'm doing is I'm trying to I'm
trying to get a regular amount of
protein in now doesn't have to be from
powder or anything like that I it's just
I want to get a dose of protein now the
cool thing is since we're doing this all
with like with vegan food when I'm
eating a regular meal if it's loaded
with let's say a giant smooth a giant
Vitamix blender full of like kale or
broccoli I'm pretty upset because all of
that all of that brah clear all that
kale and greens has all the protein that
I need and and then in between I do
about about three to six of those a day
well in between I'm gonna maybe just do
like a little shot of protein powder so
that's like every two hours if I if I'm
not going to eat an entire meal whatever
I'll just do a shot of protein powder
just just to be able to keep my body
from eating muscle tissue I'm just going
to do a little shot a protein powder and
then and then that's it and if I and if
I don't feel like protein powder i'll
switch to tofu or almost have another
another half of a smoothie because again
the the greens will completely do the
trick and is and I'm not avoiding eating
anything either so if like for example
we bought a thing of chips
the other day and it's just been laying
out and I've just been slowly eating a
chip eating a chip a chip no big deal no
big deal because I'm not trying to I'm
the photoshoots over I don't have to
worry about what I'm going to look like
tomorrow all I know is that those chips
are gonna really do nothing compared to
all the good that I'm doing with the
muscle building and all the other whole
food nutrients that I'm putting into my
system and that is just it is such a
speck on scale of all of the other foods
and nutrients that I've been putting
into my system on a daily basis so I
want to give you the the freedom to just
kind of relax if you're feeling like a
crazy craving for something go ahead and
satisfy it but here's the thing here's
the rule whatever you do you make sure
that every single meal that you eat
you're stuffing yourself with whole food
nutrients that is the key my friend so
every meal that you eat or at least
those based on the basic three ones that
you are freakin stuff in yourself to the
point where your stomach won't allow
anymore in with whole food nutrients
doesn't matter if it's all broccoli or
kale or tomatoes or bananas doesn't
freakin matters
load it all in and that's as simple as
it really cats I've done so many
experience this experiments over the
past 21 days with just trying to break
it down and keep it simple I've done
almost all fruit one day and and and and
I guess like greens for only one or two
meals but and then the other fruit just
it all worked
all of it freakin works can you believe
it the really the only thing I pay
attention to is just making sure that if
I didn't have like a gargantuan seventy
out smoothie then about two hours later
I'm either gonna either gonna have a
smoothie or a shot of protein and that's
it
so hopefully hopefully you can take what
I just told you and it makes sense of
that and hopefully not have to worry too
much about getting certain grams of this
in or that it oh yeah I was talking to
Tory Washington today my boy and I was
calculating and anyway turns out that
I'm getting less than a hundred grams of
protein in every single day it's not
even that much because for some reason
and I'm not I'm not even gonna try to
explain how it worked is I really don't
know how it works all I know is that I'm
getting by unless a hundred grams of
protein I'm 200 pounds and I'm getting
by on less than a hundred grams of
protein and and I'm getting stronger
every time I get in the gym and I'm
getting bigger and I'm getting more
muscular I mean how about that is that
freaking amazing or what we're gonna
have to completely rewrite the nutrition
books on the subject of bodybuilding
especially when it comes to plant-based
bodybuilding so that's all I got for you
today I hope you enjoy the workout in
the video footage I want to thank you so
much for for watching and be sure to
subscribe and follow the rest of my my
videos and check out all the other stuff
that I've got going on and also please
check out my podcast I
I got interviews with the top vegan
athletes that and they lay out exactly
what they eat and how they train and if
you haven't already picked up a copy of
the vegan health and fitness collector's
edition magazine I've got a two page
article in there talking about my vegan
28-day muscle building project
that that you can see how I did with the
first case study the first ever vegan
large group muscle building project done
on the internet how cool is that so if
you want to check out more details about
that just simply go to vegan muscle
book.com download the vegan the free
muscle ebook and then i'll send you an
email automatically from there that
shows you a link right to the muscle
building project and you can check it
out so I want to thank you so much from
the bottom of my heart this is Thomas
Tadlock and I will catch you on the next
video
you